no changes during review (#1022)
ropensci/dev_guide: softwarereview_author.Rmd

  - Do not submit your package for review while it or an associated manuscript is also under review at another venue, as this may result in conflicting requests for changes.
- Please also consider the time and effort needed to respond to reviews: think about your availability or that of your collaborators in the next weeks and months following a submission. Note that reviewers are volunteers, and we ask that you respect their time and effort by responding in a timely and respectful manner.
- If you use [repostatus.org badges](https://www.repostatus.org/) (which we recommend), submit when you're ready to get an *Active* instead of *WIP* badge. Similarly, if you use [lifecycle badges](https://www.tidyverse.org/lifecycle/), submission should happen when the package is *Stable*.

> - You should not make any change to your package while it is under review, to allow reviewers to review a stable latest version of your package. Do not submit your package if you want to make changes to it in the short term!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You should not make any changes to your package while it is under review, so that all reviewers are looking at the same software. Do not submit your package until it is in a stable form!
```
Just a suggestion, primarily motivated to end on a clear and positive point. And because I wanted the word "stable" there, I had to rewrite the first bit to remove that word from there. Feel free to change, but also please heeding general change to finish on a point that provides clear and positive guidance.

- An [editor](#editors) will review your submission within 5 business days and respond with next steps. The editor may assign the package to reviewers, request that the package be updated to meet minimal criteria before review, or reject the package due to lack of fit or overlap.
- If your package meets minimal criteria, the editor will assign  1-3 reviewers. They will be asked to provide reviews as comments on your issue within 3 weeks.

> - While your package is under review, please refrain from making any change, apart from hot fixes. Indeed, reviewers should be able to review the latest (best until now) version of your software, and that version should not be changing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- While your package is under review, please refrain from making any changes.
```
Sorry, I don't like "hot fixes", because it sounds too jargon-y. And I thought and thought about it, but I don't see the second sentence as actually adding anything actionable for authors. I think this one simple line still states everything, but makes it much clearer.

That said, one question is whether we want to perhaps make explicit that in the rare case that authors do want or need to make changes, they do so after public discussion with editor and reviewers?

Author: no, I think it's not needed to add this, but what do you and @yabellini think?

Reviewer 2: Yeah, agree with @maelle. I will say it's not a good idea to make changes during the review.  That means reviewers need to start again, or they will not review some aspect of the package.  

I think it is important for authors to understand that they should send the most recent and stable version of the package (if they are working on a new release, then they should send that one to review).
